---
layout: post
title: Progress Update 6
subtitle: Progress update 6 - Meeting notes
cover-img: /assets/img/backgroundfood.png
thumbnail-img: /assets/img/thumb5.png
share-img: /assets/img/path.jpg
tags: [Update]
---
<h4>Wednesday 14th December 2022</h4> 
<p>Location: Discord<br>
<p>ALL PRESENT<br>
<p>Minutes = 60<br>
  
<h3>What was done since the last meeting:</h3>
<ul>
  <li> Tom and Owen have continued working on the UML diagrams for the architecture. The class diagrams are now finished.</li>
  <li>The game code has been refactored by Poppy</li>
  <li>The game code has been developed further by Lucy and Michael</li>
  <li>Method selection and planning document has been added to by Mo</li>
</ul>

<h3>Plan:</h3>
<ul>
  <li>Discuss what we have done since the last meeting and what we are all going to do for the next meeting 
</ul>

<h3>What we actually got done:</h3>
<ul>
  <li>We sorted out what we all need to do for next week’s meeting based on what we have already done</li>
</ul> 
  
<h3>To do for the next meeting:</h3>
<ul>
  <li>Do as much as we (Owen and Tom) can do on the justification for the architecture in its current state/stage of the game’s development.</li>
  <li>Work being done by everyone else on the game - Poppy is working on implementing buttons on the menu screens; Mo is working on the map and collisions along with Michael; Lucy is working on implementing the food and ingredient classes based on the architecture class diagrams. </li>
</ul>

