---
layout: post
title: Progress Update 5
subtitle: Progress update 5 - Meeting notes
cover-img: /assets/img/kitchenBackground3.jpg
thumbnail-img: /assets/img/thumb5.png
share-img: /assets/img/path.jpg
tags: [Update]
---
<h4>Wednesday 7th November 2022</h4> 
<p>Location: Discord<br>
<p>All Present.<br>
<p>Minutes = 60<br>
<h3>What was done since the last meeting:</h3>
<ul>
  <li>Tom and Owen have been working on the UML diagrams for the architecture.</li>
  <li>Mo has continued working on the method selection and planning document</li>
  <li>Poppy, Mike and Lucy have been working more on the game code/implementation</li>
</ul>
<h3>Plan for the meeting</h3>
<ul>
   <li>Discuss what we have done since the last meeting and what we are all going to do for the next meeting</li>
</ul>
<h3>What we actually got done:</h3>
<ul>
   <li>We sorted out what we all need to do for next week’s meeting based on what we have already done</li>
   <li> Half of us are working on the cod and implementation and the rest are working on finishing documentation</li>
</ul>
<h3>To do for next meeting</h3>
<ul>
  <li>Lucy, Poppy and Michael to continue with the game</li>
  <li>Owen and Tom to continue with the UML and architecture (with Mo if he has time but he’s working on planning and method selection)</li>
  <li>Mo’s continuing with the method selection and planning deliverable</li>
